**How did you interpret and implement someone else’s idea?**
- I tried to capture the essence of what Emmett was looking to achieve with his Celtics Super Fan page. I kept his PRD more in mind than the wireframe in terms of lay out, primarily because I felt that it would enable me to get the essence of what he wanted quicker without troubleshooting issues with placements or things like that. I feel I implemented his idea well while also leaving room for him to edit and alter it to whatever specifications he wants. I left labels through the code which would ideally help both him and me remember what exactly the codes function is in that line which would help in edits.
**What were the challenges in development and collaboration?**
- The hardest part for me was the initial getting started as the project felt scarier in theory than in practice once I actually began coding. As someone who is normally a perfectionist, I wanted to create exactly what he envisioned in his wireframe along with the PRD, but that proved challenging for me in the initial ideation process of what code would enable me to accomplish what he was hoping for. It wasn't until I just got to work that I was able to shed these nerves and feel more confident in the direction I was going. I struggled also with communication as it felt that he was not as responsive as I would have hoped. While he initially shared everything without issue, his response time worsened over time and I began feeling like I had to work more independently on the project. He did respond and gave feedback to my questions but I still felt it was a very one-sided project as the developer.
**Which parts did you use AI tools for, and what did you learn from that?**
- I used AI primarily when coming up with the first draft of the code after struggling to conceptualize how to go about building the code. I specifically used gemini for this project within cursor and it was really helpful as it shared the logic and thought process behind all the decisions that it made while also allowing me to tailor the prompt to do exactly what I needed. This let me continue flowing when coding and not feel the speed bumps as much as I normally do when troubleshooting. Using cursor helped me in learning how to speak to AI to properly do what I need it to do while also not relying too heavily on it.
