**How did you come up with your idea?**
- The idea for my website came from the want and need to create a hub for the festival that I created with my friend Javier for the clothing brand we run. It was my big passion project over the last year and rolling into the second year made me want to up the quality by creating a separate page than the one we have for our regular commerce. This website was going to be the center of all things KliqFest and would make it far easier to streamline the work necessary for the event. In sum, the idea was rooted in the need to make the event more efficient and "legit" to the public.
**How well did the collaboration with your developer work?**
- I feel that the collaboration with Diego went well considering our busy schedules. I was happy to see he reached out first, eager to get started on the project and mold it in my vision. While it was generally a positive experience and he listened to my feedback, there were moments where it feels that my feedback was not seen, for example, he did not see that I sent over files of logos until I sent it over a second time. There was also a disconnect initially with the color of the page, but I clarified and he took the feedback well.
**What did you learn about writing requirements?**
  - I learned that I need to be far more specific and direct about what I want/need. I also learned that in the future, I would be better off to share all information/files from the beginning so that the dev has everything they need from the beginning rather than having to check in and look for specific content. I also learned that not everyone communicates the same and there are times where I need to tailor my communication to the person I am communicating with.
**Did you use any AI tools in this process? How?**
- In this phase, I did not need any AI tools as I already had the exact idea of what I wanted from Diego when making the site. I used AI much more in the developer phase of the project.
